Details about status code (#73)
TiendaNube/api-docs: resources/shipping_carrier.md

If any of these fields differ, or if the cache has expired since the original request, then new shipping rates are requested.

About caching expire time (TTL)

> - All responses with status code *200* from callback URLs has 15min to expire 

Reviewer: 💅 

```suggestion
- Success responses, with status code *200* from callback URLs, expires after 15 minutes.
```

Reviewer: 👀

> - All responses with status code *422* from callback URLs has 1min to expire

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Error responses, with status code *422* from callback URLs, expires after 1 minute.
```

> - The responses without status code *200* or *422* It doesn't cached

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Otherwise, the responses won't be cached.
```
